I have been thank you very much for the introduction. So my name is wrong, I'm a consultant at the Institute of German economy, which is operating the head office in Cologne, Germany, and yeah thank you very much for the invitation and I want to talk
to you about ethos, and it's huge and smart cities today a bit.
And let's go right into it.
So because briefly very, very briefly is consisting of two parts. One part is diversification part where you can you describe your product or categorize your product in a folder hierarchy, so you can say for example you're talking about spruce and then
you can walk all the way down to the specific Woods through you're talking about.
The other part is, we have the option to describe the product with certain properties and officially have almost 50,000.
So, he was using ice and ice or norms, so it's very much standardized and interoperability interoperable between different companies, which is a big plus for many users that we have.
And it's very important to know that we are not an exchange format when we're talking about equals be talking about purely do things.
Are we define the things that are exchanged on how they exchanged.
If you brief overview of how we are organized, and a few facts and figures so we have about 4000 users.
And yeah, as the Asian art consisting of 150 active members.
As I mentioned, we have almost 20,000 properties and decide who can still see him at both 19,000 Bobby and knowledge, very very close to 20,000.
And we are available in 16 different languages, and we make use of global network of our regional offices and our service providers all over the world to yet be globally accepted and globally available for all of your users, and to bring a bit of option
and how we can use this in a sense of the record fix so what are we doing to get into the things, or how can we use team descriptions, with the class, so we're specifically talking about, because currently in two forms we have an XML format and we have
a JSON format, basically you still get a file, and in this file you have the entire stem that we're describing all the products that you need. We have a new development which is a web service where you can ask specifically specific parts of the class,
for example, you're only talking about the screws Debbie mentioned earlier, then you can make very much use of this.
Oh yes driving towards this transformation into the Resource Description Framework, and this is a working group that we are currently. Yeah, they're currently using.
And it's going much very very active and this will help us with the next steps, which are the first use case. And then evaluation, basically of how we can put the class into the description.
So if you think about your lightning at work in your city if you're talking about every single lamppost that has an integrated plan of action, and how you can control this basically because they are all stimulus information right.
You can think about what I hope to kind of think about the electrical grid. So basically everything that you're using a city.
As an acid has use and how you exchange this information is one thing about what is exchanged is very, very important. And this speakers comes into play.
And add Yeah, so, because, could be a very very valuable tool for you.
And add Yeah, so, because, could be a very very valuable tool for you. And it doesn't uniform language and definition for assets in the product so no matter what you want to exchange is standardized is uniform you know what you're talking about your customer
knows what you're talking about your users don't know what you're talking about. So, we are all in one table, and it is very much established in companies that are driving the global economy so thinks events.
Think Schneider Electric so all of the electrical components that you might use.
All we disrupt the class which is a big plus.
And is constantly developed further. And this is a big chance for you as well and we want to invite you very deeply, to get be involved get in touch with us, and maybe help us shape how we are putting ethos into the IDF, and if you want to do so.
Please contact me and I'll talk to you soon. Thank you very much.